# meme-generator
A program that generates meme photos by receiving photos, sentences, and authors

It works with the CLI and APP.


## Table of Contents
1.[setup](#setup)

2.[how to use](#how-to-use)

3.[Dependencies](#Dependencies)


## setup
using Python 3.11.4 version
The following libraries are required

    blinker==1.7.0
    certifi==2023.11.17
    charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    click==8.1.7
    colorama==0.4.6
    Flask==3.0.0
    idna==3.6
    itsdangerous==2.1.2
    Jinja2==3.1.2
    lxml==5.0.0
    MarkupSafe==2.1.3
    numpy==1.26.3
    pandas==2.1.4
    pillow==10.2.0
    python-dateutil==2.8.2
    python-docx==1.1.0
    pytz==2023.3.post1
    requests==2.31.0
    six==1.16.0
    typing_extensions==4.9.0
    tzdata==2023.4
    urllib3==2.1.0
    Werkzeug==3.0.1

For a comfortable installation, enter the following command.

    pip install -r requirements.txt

meme-generator-project uses the XpdfReader It works.

So need to install XpdfReader

Installation is as follows.

Windows

Download the Windows command-line tools from the xpdf website.

Unzip the files in a location of your choice.

Get the full file path to the folder named bin32 (if you have a 32-bit machine) or bin64 
(if you have a 64-bit machine).

Add this path to the Path environment variable. This will allow you to use the xpdf 

command from the command line.

Check the Path registration process at the site below

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44272416/how-to-add-a-folder-to-path-environment-variable-in-windows-10-with-screensho

Linux 

    apt-get
or

    sudo apt-get install -y xpdf


## how to use
We have two ways of using it APP and CLI

1. CLI

    open Terminal or cmd

    Modify the path of the current folder

        cd path\to\user\meme-generator\src
    
    Then enter the corresponding command.

    window

        python meme.py

    Linux

        python3 meme.py

    There is an argument for the user.

        python meme.py -t -a -p

    or

        python meme.py -text -author -pic

    -t and --text argument is write your content.

    no argument, Random text is write to the meme picture.

    -a and --author argument is write your author.

    no argument, Random author is write to the meme picture.

    -p and --pic argument is write your author.

    no argument, use Random picture.

    Meme picture is stored in meme-generator\src\tmp\temp.jpg

2. APP 

    open Terminal or cmd

    Modify the path of the current folder

        cd path\to\user\meme-generator\src

    Then enter the corresponding command.

    window

        python app.py

    Linux

        python3 app.py

    turn on the Internet browser ex) chrome, Edge, Firefox
    
    enter the following in the Internet address window

    http://127.0.0.1:5000/

    click Random button or going to connect(With Refresh), 
    
    create random meme picture

    click Creator button, 
    
    You can use the input form to create the meme picture you want.
    
## Dependencies
The program's dependency is written in the requirements

submodules of app.py and meme.py are as follows

 1. QuoteEngine
    
    QuoteEngine has a QuoteModel class

    Author, body to the user

    Enter to generate memes to enter into the picture.

2. IngestorEngine
    
    IngestorEngine is Parse the contents of docx, pdf, txt, csv to make QuoteModels

    IngestorInterface Abstract Classes and 
    
    Inherit that class IngestorEngine 

    Inherit that class 
    
    TextIngestorEngine, 
    
    DocxIngestorEngine, 
    
    PdfIngestorEngine,
    
    CsvIngestorEngine

    Finally, there is an Guestor class that selects one of the four files to create a QuoteModels.

3. MemeEngine

    MemeEngine is a class generated by receiving an output path.

    MemeEngine has a make_meme function, which receives the image path, QuoteModel.body, QuoteModel.text 
    
    to create a Meme picture and return the generated path.